# TDS-Final-Project
By Or Gottman and Roee Oscar

## About the Project
In this project we tried to improve the process of Association Rules Mining. 
In the fields of Machine Learning and Data mining, association rules represent relations between variables in large datasets.
In large datasets, the number of generated association rules may be too large to be analysed.  
Association rules are mainly measured by two measures, support and confidence, and are generated by variety of algorithms, such as Apriori, which get thresholds for these measures as parameters. 
The main problem is setting the values for these thresholds, in order to get informative and meaningful rules.
To overcome this problem and raise the chances of the generated association rules to be informative, we propose an association rules mining technique where we first cluster similar samples and then mine each cluster for its association rules independently.

The final report can be found [here](https://github.com/or-gottman/TDS-Final-Project/blob/master/Mining%20Rare%20Association%20Rules%20-%20TDS%20Final%20Project%20Report.pdf).

## Datasets We Used
1. House Prices ([Notebook](https://github.com/or-gottman/TDS-Final-Project/blob/master/House%20Prices.ipynb))
2. Adult Income ([Notebook](https://github.com/or-gottman/TDS-Final-Project/blob/master/Adult%20Income.ipynb))
3. Customer Analysis ([Notebook](https://github.com/or-gottman/TDS-Final-Project/blob/master/Customers.ipynb))

Because every dataset requires different preparing, we chose to attach a notebook to each one of them.  
Please choose a notebook to reproduce the process made in each one of them.

There are no special requirements to run the code apart from the basic data science libraries.
